stories told here today i am going to
explain a drama horror mystery movie
called polaroid
be aware the video contains spoilers
sarah and her friend linda are going
through a box of her late mother's
belongings when they find a polaroid
camera
they also find a picture of sarah's
mother which looks like a picture that
was taken just before she died
linda receives a like from her crush
which provokes sarah to take a photo in
lingerie and the polaroid camera
we see the photo linda took and it is
probably the most unsatisfying lingerie
photo ever taken
linda leaves when sarah starts hearing
sounds from the polaroid she checks it
out and sees that a mysterious figure
appeared on the photo
the lights go out and strange noises are
coming from different parts of the house
a ping-pong ball falls from the attic so
sarah climbs the ladder to check
the ladder falls and she hears someone
having difficulties breathing behind a
tarp
she is ready to give him an inhaler but
he refuses the help and grabs her hand
we hear slashing sounds and she falls
from the attic we switch to a yearbook
shooting where they introduce bird the
other students make fun of her for
wearing a scarf and indeed how pathetic
bird fantasizes about the coolest guy in
the school when she decides to take a
photo of him from a distance
conor notices it so bird has the flea
the scene she is fixing a watch at her
workplace when tyler enters the antique
shop and gives her the polaroid
she snaps a photo of him to check if it
still works
tyler tries to kiss her but bird refuses
as she is more into redditors
the situation was so uncomfortable that
it instantly ended her shift bird's mom
leaves for another shift because they
struggle with money i am sure this is
going to be important later on she grabs
the camera and about to enter dog's life
when the filmmakers decide they want to
keep the audience mentally stable so
casey enters the room
we learn a bunch of information about
casey which i am sure will be important
later in the movie
she invites bird to a halloween party
and gives her a red riding hood costume
bird's friends pick her up and we hear
what a 44 year old scriptwriter thinks
teenagers talk like
tyler is looking at old photos when a
shadow appears behind the canvas
he grabs a hammer and tries to fight it
but finds no one there
as he checks the lenses he hears the
asthmatic breathing and when he turns
around the creature is under the canvas
to help save money on the budget
the group arrives at the halloween party
but bird isn't in the mood as she is
socially uncomfortable as a good
protagonist should be
a guy in a mask stalks her so she
decides to move upstairs instead
the guy comes up to her and turns out it
is conor her crush
they have uncomfortable but flirtish
conversation and we learned that bird's
name is coming from her dad who taught
she looked like a cornish game ham when
she was born so he named her bird
connor thinks it is completely normal
and continues to charm her bird grabs
her polaroid and snaps a picture of the
four of them
another girl takes a selfie with the
polaroid when the music stops and the
cops enter the house
they take bird away and sheriff pembroke
tells her that tyler was murdered
later that night she checks the photos
she took before and sees a shadow on
avery's selfie she wants to call her as
she suspects it might have something to
do with tyler's death but she changes
her mind and goes to sleep
avery stays at her house alone after the
party and starts cleaning up
luckily everybody lives in a perfect
horror movie set where doors creak and
lights flicker
when she sees the creature she starts
running but thanks to the interior
designer's marvelous work she hits her
head into a lamp
the creature catches up with her and
gives her a head massage to ease the
pain
casey calls bird and tells her avery
fell down the stairs and died
bird goes up to her room checks the
photos again and she sees that the
shadow moved to the other picture
she throws the camera but she forgets
the camera as a dragonborn and it knocks
her to the ground
bird shows the pictures to the others
she explains the migration of the shadow
but they don't believe her
devon tries to burn the photo as the
photo burns closer and closer to mina
she also catches fire
everyone tries to extinguish her but
only bird has enough iq to find out what
is going on
as she put the fire out on the photo she
sees it regenerating itself
bird and conor are trying to figure out
how the polaroid works so they go to the
antique store and try to steal the box
which the polaroid came in
bird enters the building while connor
waits outside bird gets the container
when she sees the creature coming
towards her
she escapes and they leave the scene
connor tells bird to look at the picture
closer she is also in the picture mina
wakes up at the hospital and tells devon
how much she loves him
the lights start flickering so devin
thinks this is the best time to leave
her alone and ask a nurse about her day
the previously full of life hospital
became empty in a minute and devin
thinks the best way to find a nurse is
to enter a dark room behind the front
desk
a nurse stops him before he can enter so
he goes back to mina but it is too late
she already took skydiving lessons
without him bird and conor arrive at the
hospital in devon does the least
dramatic anger outburst ever
bird tells her story to conor because we
are 50 minutes in the movie and none of
the characters feel important she finds
a police evidence tag inside the camera
case she and conor head to the archives
to dig up old newspapers
they find out that three teenagers were
killed 40 years ago the serial killer
robert joseph sable took photos of his
victims and the camera belonged to him
he was shot and killed before he could
be taken into custody
the group is brainstorming about how to
stop the entity devon gets angry and
accidentally takes a picture of himself
the shadow moves to his picture and as
he tries to photograph bird kaley sticks
a pencil in his hand on the photo to
stop him
devin hits an officer and gets locked up
bird and connor tries to explain the
story to pembroke but he refuses to
believe them which is understandable not
like they could prove it by simply
making a hole on the picture with a
needle
when bird explains the serial killer
story to pembroke he gets angry and
tells them to don't even dare to go near
robert's old house
devon says sorry to bird before she
leaves kaylee finds information about
the killer's wife so they head to her
house
an old woman opens the door devon is
alone in his cell when the lights go out
the creature tries to break into his
cell since he forgot he can be anywhere
you want
one minute later he remembers he is a
supernatural creature and stabs devin
from behind
the lady invites bird and connor inside
and shows them a picture about her
daughter
she tells the story how rebecca was an
anti-social child who was obsessed with
that camera and took it everywhere with
herself
kids started bullying her because of it
one day four kids went too far and took
tasteless pictures of her
they passed the pictures around in
school and rebecca couldn't take it any
longer and hanged herself
her father couldn't let his anger go and
swore to take revenge on the kids
he killed three of them but one got away
the killer died holding his camera the
lady hands the picture of the boy who
got away to bird
connor sees the shadow moving to their
picture meaning devin is already dead
they head to the archive again and find
out the kid on the picture was sheriff
pembroke
pembroke enters the building and catches
them trespassing bird tries to take a
picture of him to let the entity kill
him too since he got away 40 years ago
she is incapable of doing it so conor
takes the polaroid and does it
pembroke explains that the old lady lied
to them the tasteless photos were not
taken by him and the other three kids
but by rebecca's father the serial
killer
pembroke and the other kids found out
about the photos and they tried to turn
the pictures to the police
the father then killed the three kids to
make sure no one will ever find out what
happened
he was about to kill pembroke too but
the police got there in time
rebecca hanged herself only after the
killings the lights go out and we see
the killer picking up pembroke's photo
pembroke shoots him but it doesn't have
an effect on him the killer tears the
photo and pembroke dies connor tries to
shoot the killer in the head but it is
still ineffective
the two girls run away and hide in a
shower the killer fades away as he can't
bear the axe body spray gas chamber we
call boy's locker room
bird leaves kaylee in the shower to look
for connor they decide to look for the
camera as bird has a plan
they find the camera but the killer
takes conor away bird takes a photo of
herself and the creature instantly
switches priorities instead of killing
conor in three seconds she then goes to
a developing room the creature grabs her
throat but just in time she manages to
snap a new profile picture for him
she crumples the picture but her hand
was also on it so she breaks her own
fingers as well
the move didn't stop the creature so she
burns the photo instead and the creature
blows up
they forgot that the creature was on
bird's selfie last time and not on the
group photo but doesn't matter they are
happy anyway
kaylee jokingly says she is never going
to take another group photo ever which
is hilarious considering the fact that
half of her friend group is dead and
they just killed an innocent police
officer 30 minutes ago the creature is
gone and bird throws the camera in the
river ending the killings
thank you for watching if you enjoyed
the video please leave a like and
subscribe